# Welcome to the COM6018 course book

This book contains the course material for COM6018, "Data Science with Python", taught at the University of Sheffield.

The book is split into three parts:

1. **Course Notes** - this is the core module material. Each chapter is a week of the course and the chapters have been designed to build slowly and logically. This material will be overviewed in the lectures and then explored in more detail in the labs. It is recommended that you review weeks materials at the start of the week so that you are prepared for the lectures and labs.

2. **Lab Classes** - this is the material that will be covered in the lab classes. The lab classes are designed to be interactive and to give you the opportunity to practice the skills you have learnt in the lectures. Each lab class is a Jupyter notebook which presents a series of problems. The notebooks have empty cells where you can develop your solutions and, there are often, 'test cells' that you can run to check that your solutions are correct. Some of the harder problems have hints to help you if you get stuck but you will also find yourself needing to refer to the course notes. Lab classes will be staffed so if you are stuck you will be able to ask a lab tutor for help. We also encourage you to work together with a classmate to solve the problems.

3. **Solutions** - these are a copy of the lab classes but also showing solutions to the problems. These will be released the day after the corresponding lab class. If you miss a lab class, it is recommended that you attempt the lab classes in your own time before looking at the solutions. For many of the problems there are many equally valid solutions, and the solutions notebook is only showing one. So if your code worked but is different from the solution, don't worry! You may want to compare your solution to the one in the solutions notebook and think about which is clearer, and which is more efficient. We are very happy to receive feedback on the solutions, so if you think you have a better solution, please let us know! The module Blackboard page has a discussion board where you can post questions and discuss the problems with your classmates.
